docs: rephrase "private" in docs (#2429)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/api/user-guide/transformations/index.rst

Quantiles via Trees
-------------------

> Building off of the binning transformation, quantiles can be estimated by sanitizing a b-ary tree and then postprocessing.

Author: ```suggestion
Building off of the binning transformation, quantiles can be estimated by releasing a DP b-ary tree and then postprocessing.
```
